edits.php

Log stuff that has been edited

Go through login stuff and make better
 - go back to where you were after login (for forum)
 - highlight form by default

White background on internet explorer

Motion text editing
-------------------

Say more clearly that things are edited
    - what has and has not been edited?
    - work out better name than "motion text editing"

Make wiki edit history much better

Report abuse button

Before + After of motion text edits

General
-------

Migrate away from mpdist table to new one

Turn caching back on when it works
... or abandon it completely
Clear file cache for:
    divisions.php when a motion text is edited
    (perhaps just clear everything then!)

Database patches:
    pw_dyn_dreamvote.vote should be NOT NULL
    Remove division_id

Rewrite description of formula

Do a big usability thing - get Tom L to help with his ideas
Make log file stats daily to see what happens as you subtly change links
Controversial: Remove cluster map, Remove division attendance

Use sams new stuff of data dumps, and get rid of the votematrix CSV files -
or make sure they are updated.

Backup dynamic database on cron job (newsletter does this OK for now)

Dream MP
--------

Syndication
http://www.livejournal.com/developer/embedding.bml
Javascript, make .js file with just a "document.write"
Inline frames, just inline to HTML file
CGI script / serverside include

Comments (PHP/MySQL website style) on 
    - individual votes
    - dream MP page

Party comparison
Put dream MP ratings on MP page

Voting accuracy
---------------

On this one, the two tellers for the noes have been lost
date=2003-03-14&number=114

answers2003-05-13
check this line not lost: <a name="30513w02.html_dpthd1"><H3 align=center>ENVIRONMENT, FOOD AND RURAL AFFAIRS<xref locref=140></H3>

Run these without patches, and an entire title is unceremoniously ditched:
answers2001-07-05.xml
answers2001-07-10.xml

Check this one:
./lazyrunall.py parse --date=2003-12-18 --force-parse debates
The correct division has an explicit-division-end, which doesn't need to be erased.
So some unspoken text is being lost.

Resolve all the errors that "scraper.pl check" squirts out

Check for divisions which don't have quorum of 40

Measure abstentions by parliament rather than global proportions?

Check "Question accordingly..." fits with our counting
Tally vote numbers in text and check they fit with our counting

Find for divisions on days MP joined/left, as these could have
off-by-one errors for their changed party

Future
------

Search needs to search wiki text and Dream MP text

Make newsletter signing more streamlined

Sort out java applets, how to link to them. 

People add their web page URL to their profile and/or their Dream MP
(perhaps let HTML in Dream MP description)

User names need to link to profile page about that user

Forward/back division - show nearby divisions names

Tour somehow for first time users

Link to ideas.txt file

Change frontpage newsletter advert depending on whether you are logged in
(i.e. if you are already logged in and subscribed, we should advertise Dream MP
or something instead of the newsletter)

