Instructions

run findallhocdaydebate.py
	generates hocdaydebatelist.xml with a list of links (crashes at one point)

mkdir glueddaydebates
run gluehocdaydebate.py
	scans through hocdaydebatelist.xml and generates files of each glued day in gluedaydebates/
	the filenames are not acceptable; need to generate proper Japanese date formats.

mkdir c1daydebateremovechars
run removelinebreaks.py
	scans through gluedaydebates/ and filters files to c1daydebateremovechars/ without their comments, badlinefeeds and internal links

[removecomments.py has been combined into the above case]

mkdir c2daydebatefixcolumnnumbers
run fixdebatecolumnnumbers.py
	scans through c1daydebateremovechars/ converts columns and times, and writes into c2daydebatefixcolumnnumbers/

mkdir c3daydebatematchspeakers
run fixspeakernames.py
	this requires a lot of attention to get right.  Should be tracking down names and tags everywhere in the document, including in the divisions.

mkdir c4folding
run foldsections.py
	trying to separate out the different bits according to title and content.



Things to do:

The loops through the directories need moving out of the files into a generic place




cvs update -dP

cvs commit

cvs add filename





http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio4/science/allinthemind.shtml

SLIPPERY POLITICIANS

As Michael Howard settles in to his new role as Conservative Party leader the tumultuous events demonstrated that a week is indeed a long time in politics. But Howard himself knows all too well that a simple question can also become an unnervingly long time in politics. The infamous 1997 exchange with Jeremy Paxman on Newsnight and others like it have become the subject of scientific study by psychologists who specialise in the conversational art of equivocation.

Entertainment aside it is key conversational exchanges like these which raise key psychological questions about high-status figures like politicians and the motivation that lies behind their preference for ambiguity and evasion. Is there something in their psychological makeup which forces or equips them to be so evasive?

Peter Bull is a senior lecturer in psychology at the University of York and he has studied in minute detail many hundreds of hours of tape of politicians being grilled for his recent book, The Microanalysis of Political Communication: Claptrap or Ambiguity.

